doc(release): Prepare release notes for OSS 22.04 (web 22.04.24, gorg… (#3283)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 22.04.24

Release date: `May 16, 2024`

#### Bug fixes

> - [API] Fixed an issue on downtimes for services linked to service group via service template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Fixed an issue affecting downtimes on services linked to a service group via a service template.
```

  
#### Security fixes

> - [Security] Fixed SQLi in configuration.
> - [Security] Fixed SQLi in graph generation.
> - [Security] Fixed SQLi in media management.
> - [Security] Fixed SQLi in service configuration.
> - [Security] Fixed SLQi in hosts configuration.
> - [Security] Fixed SQLi in hostgroups configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed several SQLi issues.
```
